fix(docs): transition link (#20175)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/adding-page-transitions-with-plugin-transition-link.md

</TransitionState>
```

> Now, the `Box` component will be aware of wether the page it's a child of is mounting or unmounting, and it will fade in/out accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, the `Box` component will be aware of whether the page is a child of is mounting or unmounting, and it will fade in/out accordingly.
```
